Hello everyone and welcome to your next interview problem.
This one's called balanced parentheses check.
So here's the problem statement given a string of opening and closing parentheses check whether it's
balance.
So we have three general types of these parentheses round brackets which look like just general parentheses
here.
Square brackets like the ones you use when you index list and curly brackets like the ones you use for
a dictionary in Python.
So assume that the string doesn't contain any other character besides these three types of parentheses
and it won't have any spaces words or numbers as a reminder.
Balance parentheses require every opening parentheses to be close in the reverse order open.
So for example if we just zoom in here
you'll see I have a open print parentheses an open square bracket that a close square bracket and a
closing parentheses.
So this is balanced.
But however this one right here open parentheses open square bracket and then close parentheses before
you close that square bracket is not balanced.
So you can assume that the input string has no spaces.
All right.
So you can go ahead and fill out your solution below.
You'll be given a string.
So for example here we check if this is a balance checked.
Excuse me we check here if we have a balance parentheses using the function Balash Check this is truly
balanced.
This one if you look at it it's balanced as well.
This one is not balanced.
You can see the error here.
We're missing a square bracket.
All right.
You can run this test so we're here to test your solution for various cases of brackets as strings.
Best of luck and I'll see you at the next lecture where we're going to be going over the solution for
this problem.
Thanks everyone.